TCD-2892: Backtrace (#2145)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/platform-integrations/coresnap/setup.md

---
id: setup
title: Setting up coresnapd on FreeBSD

> sidebar_label: Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Setup for FreeBSD
```

description: Add Backtrace to your Coresnap project.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

To install Backtrace's package mirror, run the following command:

```bash
# fetch https://packages.backtrace.io/LICENSE/stork/freebsd/RELEASE/backtrace.conf -o /etc/pkg/backtrace.conf
```

> Replace `<LICENSE>` with your license number. If you haven't received your license number yet, contact us. Make sure to replace `RELEASE` with the major version number (e.g., 11, 12, etc.) that matches your FreeBSD installation. Note that 11.0 is the minimum required version for coresnap.

Author: ```suggestion
Replace `<LICENSE>` with your license number. If you haven't received your license number yet, contact us. Replace `RELEASE` with the major version number (for example, 11, 12, etc.) that matches your FreeBSD installation. Tthe minimum required version for coresnap is 11.0.
```
